How much longer will it take?
What's up with Zee?
- Sir...
- What happened?
You should give this to J.R.D.
Are you nervous?
Fine, I'll give it to him.
Sir, what about Mr. Gopalan?
- Yes, Mr. Gopalan,
you must do this. - What, me?
Why should I?
- Finally, he's here.
- Good morning!
- Good morning.
Morning, Mr. Desai.
I think you should give
this bouquet to J.R.D.
The idea of watchmaking
was yours, wasn't it?
Are you meeting
J.R.D. for the first time?
That is right.
In that case, you should give it.
Come on!
Breakfast is getting cold. Come on.
- Come on. Come on, guys.
- We're running late. Let's go.
- Let's go. - Let's not keep him
waiting for breakfast.
- I... I don't think...
- Breakfast...
What...
Is this what you've manufactured
after all these years of hard work?
I'd appreciate some answers, please.
I'm extremely sorry, Jeh.
We will fix it.
Please give us some time.
How much time do you need?
You wanted a challenge.
Yet this is how you rise to it.
Time is ticking,
yet your watch can't keep up.
Sir, we had performed
all the tests on the watch.
We can't say that to our customers,
Mr. Gopalan.
Anyway.
Enjoy the breakfast.
Anna.
What's for dessert?
Please bring it.
Thank you!
Please have some.
Gopalan.
A.J.K. and Sameer.
Pooja.
You too, Megha.
Please have some.
Let's celebrate today.
But we've failed, sir.
Yes, we have.
Spectacularly!
So far, the obstacles we faced
while starting Titan
were either related to a loan
or government regulations.
But today, for the first time,
we ourselves
are the reason for our failure.
I think that's worth celebrating.
Celebrating failure means
we're ready
to acknowledge our mistakes.
It becomes easier to move on
and grow faster.
I believe we should
never stop trying.
I believe we deserve
the freedom to fail.
What do you say?
The road to great dreams
passes through great failures.
What do you think?
Do we deserve the freedom to fail?
- Yes, sir.
- Yes!
I'm... I'm sorry.
Do we deserve the freedom to fail?
- Yes, sir!
- Yes!
- To...
- To the freedom to fail!
To the freedom to fail.
To Titan!
To Titan.
- To Titan.
To failure!
Batteries?
Working.
ECB chip?
It's working.
Quartz?
Quartz is a crystal,
so it can't be faulty.
Coil?
It's working, sir.
Cannon pinion?
It's faulty, sir.
It's covered in metal dust.
"It's covered in metal dust?"
Yours?
The teeth are broken.
They are not working.
Yours?
This is faulty too.
Faulty.
Did the Japanese dealers
supply defective components?
Sir.
We must buy new stock.
Otherwise,
watchmaking is impossible.
Did Ravi check the goods properly?
Check the entire shipment.
Gaurav, come with me.
Gaurav,
I think you should go to Japan.
- Okay, sir.
- Okay. Thank you.
Wait a minute.
Zee, I think
I should go to Japan as well.
Why?
To secure quality consignments,
we'll need to build
business relations with them.
Because, for the Japanese dealers,
we're just another client for now.
What if we need you here?
There's a man who can handle it.
Who?
Xerxes Desai.
Thank you, Gaurav.
What about some tea?
It's about sushi.
- "Five?" How much time
will you need to repair it? - Megha!
- Oh. Are you leaving?
- Yes.
I...
I'll call you after reaching there.
Gaurav, let's go.
Coming, sir!
Huh?
All the best, Gaurav.
Gaurav, hurry up.
We're waiting for...
Thank you, Ravi.
Megha.
- Yes?
- We must find a designer.
Now we have to give Jeh
a fully functional watch,
not a prototype.
Yes, sir.
How soon can you find one?
Two weeks.
You have three days.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning!
Sir, he's our watch designer.
Hello.
But he is...
Yes, sir. Just like
the film 'Seeta Aur Geeta'.
'Ram Aur Shyam'...
He's Mr. Devendra Naik's
twin brother, Mr. Ravindra Naik.
I already owe your brother.
Now I will owe you.
Don't bother, sir.
- Sir, he's from
the J.J. School of Arts. - Oh!
When did you graduate?
1970, sir.
So, did you meet
Gaitonde and Padamse?
Of course!
They were my seniors, sir.
Fantastic.
Fantastic! It's so good to have you.
Pleasure is mine, sir.
So, is there any progress?
I'm on it, sir.
Sir, these are GMT's designs.
We...
We still don't know exactly
what we want to make,
but we should at least know
what we don't want to make,
shouldn't we?
Have you seen 'Pyaasa'?
- 'Pyaasa', the film?
- Hmm.
- I have seen it 13 times.
- Oh.
'Pyaasa' is a serious
and tragic film.
Yes.
But the film features an upbeat,
cheerful song.
Right.
- "When your head feels heavy..."
- "Or when you're sorrowful."
- "Then please come to me."
- "Don't be scared."
Mr. Rafi sang wonderfully!
The tragedy in 'Pyaasa'
becomes even more striking against
the contrast of this happiness.
- Contrast is very powerful.
- Yes.
- Right?
- Of course, sir.
It balances and highlights nuances.
- Right.
- Right?
In my opinion,
the bezel should be grander,
while the watch face,
dial, and strap
should be simpler.
Elegant!
Let the contrast speak.
- I think you're right.
- Hmm.
- Okay, I'll work on it.
Hello!
What?
What the...
- Hello, Gaurav.
'- Yes, sir.'
The Japanese translator
has fallen ill.
'Oh.'
'No worries, sir.
I'll find a solution.'
Has he gone all the way
to India to find a translator?
[in Japanese] Do you know Japanese?
Huh.
[in Japanese]
I'm sorry for the delay, sir.
My name is Gaurav.
We both are from Tata.
Greetings! Please be seated.
- [in Japanese] Thank you.
- Thank you.
Do you know Japanese as well?
Thanks to a student exchange
programme, sir.
Wonderful!
[in Japanese]
I'm sorry for the magnets.
- How can we make it right?
- It's okay, Mr. Yuto.
[in Japanese] But this time,
we need to inspect the consignment
before the delivery.
[in Japanese]
I understand your concern,
but that is not covered
by our terms and conditions.
[in Japanese]
Gaurav, we won't let you inspect.
Sir, he is saying that,
we can't inspect the components.
according to their
terms and conditions,
Tell him that we can't have
a deal without an inspection.
Sir...
[in Japanese]
We can't have this deal
without an inspection.
[in Japanese] Fine. It's your wish.
Huh?
Sir, he's saying,
"Fine. Let's cancel the deal".
India believes that,
regardless of how a deal unfolds,
relationships should
always be cherished.
We believe every good relationship
should begin
with a sweet.
But I suppose here,
we are going to end one with it.
[in Japanese]
With due respect, what is this?
These are sweets, Mr. Yuto.
Just as you have tarts,
we have 'laddus'.
[in Japanese] Please try one.
[in Japanese] Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Wait!
Our terms and conditions
don't allow an inspection,
but we can make an exception.
If he knew English so well,
why hasn't he
been speaking it all this time?
Sir, my knowledge was tested too.
Please sit. Be seated.
Mr. Yuto,
this is going to be
your best decision.
[speaking in Japanese]
- Good evening, Ravindra.
- Good evening!
I tried to find
some inspiration for you.
Each element is slightly different.
- Yes. - Yet look at
the contrasting styles.
- This is a completely different,
busier style. - Oh, yes.
Right?
What if each hand looked like this?
- Sharp.
- "Sharp!"
Whereas this was done
by the same designer.
The same designer!
- Yes. - And yet,
look at the contrasting style.
- Hmm! - Brutalism
is a good source of inspiration.
It is
perfect!
- Thank you!
- I love it.
I love the way you sketch.
It's classic.
It's timeless.
That's what we should call it.
Classique.
Classique?
When will you give me
some more designs?
More designs?
Bye!
Megha, it's okay to be angry,
but do you really think
your mother is entirely wrong?
I don't know that. All I know
is that I don't want to get married.
Sometimes, we desire something,
even though what we
truly need is something else.
So, Megha, think twice
before making a decision,
because it's not easy to live alone.
You've incorporated
all the feedback perfectly.
The bracelet looks sleek.
It's perfect.
- And look at the bezel.
- Yes, sir.
Very good.
- Approved!
- Oh! Thank you.
It's a bold design.
- I think it'll attract
our young customers. - Hmm.
What should we call it?
- Young...
- Something for people on the move.
On the go.
Fast! Fast-paced?
No, something sporty.
Hello!
'- Megha?'
- Gaurav?
How are you?
Where are you calling from?
Japan... I'm calling from Japan.
I'm at the hotel.
How was the deal?
It was about to be ruined
when Akash played his trump card.
'He gave him the 'laddus'
made by your mother.'
'Those 'laddus' did the trick,
Megha.'
- Believe me...
- Gaurav.
It's getting late,
and we have a flight to catch.
Yes. Um...
I need to go.
'- Gaurav, please come!
- I'm ready, sir!'
- Yes... See you tomorrow.
'- See you tomorrow.'
- Bye.
'- Bye!'
Hello?
Should I get something for you?
Anything will do, Gaurav.
Don't be like this. Please tell me.
- You decide.
- We're running late.
- Genuinely...
- Sir, just a minute.
Sir, what are you doing?
I'm coming, sir.
- You've been fooling me.
- I'll call you later.
'Sir, give me a minute.
I'm coming, sir.'
Bye.
Shall I bring you
a bottle of perfume?
'I saw them at the airport.'
Gaurav.
- 'You may take the bus.
I'm leaving.' - Sir, I'm done!
- Sorry! Perfume... Bye!
- Bye!
Gaurav, I don't need anything.
You just...
Oh. Uh, yes. Yes, sir is here.
Just a minute.
Sir, there's a call
from Bombay House.
- One second.
- Yes. Okay.
Hello?
Yes?
Sir!
What's the matter, sir?
Jeh...
- All okay?
- Jeh...
Jeh had a heart attack.
How's he?
Stable,
but not very well.
Did anyone inform Ms. Thelma?
She's on her way.
She's on the way here.
The doctors said
it will take him
some time to wake up.
I can't go
into the office without you.
I can't!
I can't.
Yes, Mr. Desai.
It'll be done. Don't worry.
So, J.R.D. is stable now.
Thank God!
But Mr. Desai is worried
about the work scenario here.
We are here for that.
The components have arrived.
We're good to go.
Designs, sir.
Xerxes needs some more designs.
So, what are we waiting for?
We need to broaden our vision
to create world-class designs.
A major watch expo will be held
in Europe in ten days.
All the international brands
will be there,
exhibiting their latest products.
I believe
one of us should go there
for a few days.
It's imperative to know
what's happening internationally.
I think you should go.
I'm not really sure about that.
Mr. Gopalan, our watch will set
the standard for our country.
If we want to compete
with international standards,
attending the expo is essential.
Honestly, I think right now
we should focus on growth
rather than funding.
So you're saying I don't care
about the company's growth?
Mr. Gopalan,
you know I didn't mean it that way.
All right.
Go ahead and send him.
Happy?
- Have a safe trip. Hmm?
- Yes.
I will.
- How are you feeling?
- Wonderful.
Thank you very much.
Please don't worry.
He'll be fine.
- Sir.
- Hello, Pinks!
- Good morning, sir.
- Morning.
Your signature, please.
It was amazing!
- Huh? - The entire auditorium
was jam-packed.
- I see.
- Please give it to me.
Please take this one.
Imagine a fourteen-year-old writing
so beautifully
on political diversity.
Wait! Was the play written by her?
Your daughter is an amazing writer.
- Don't you have spinach?
- Wow!
You'll get it tomorrow.
And in the end,
she got a standing ovation.
- Oh!
- You should have been there.
- Ravi.
- Yes, sir.
I need all the expense sheets
from the accounts department
by this evening.
Relax.
- Time...
- Do you need water?
- We don't have time, Akash.
We are late.
Okay? Only two designs are ready.
This will never stop.
It's fully tested.
Hmm!
Sir, these are the new designs.
Actually, Akash suggested
that the designers be sent
to the watch expo in Europe
so they could create
world-class designs.
Hmm.
How are the designs, Mr. Desai?
I suppose I'm going back to Bombay.
- Jeh should see this.
- Yes, sir.
Great job!
Thank you.
Hi, Jeh!
Hello, Zee.
- You're looking fitter than before.
- Yes.
A walk a day keeps the doctor away.
I have brought you something.
- Looks nice, but...
- No.
- It'll never stop.
- Uh-huh.
Whether or not your watch stops,
I’m not going anywhere.
Here are our designs.
Excellent, Zee. Excellent!
Aha!
Very good. Very nice.
I should have
a heart attack more often.
Jeh...
When should I present this
to the Titan Board?
This isn't meant for a boardroom,
but for a ballroom.
Very well.
I'll talk to Pinks.
How's Uncle?
He's fine.
How's his Alzheimer's treatment?
He has started calling
Kumud by Mom's name.
I'm so lucky to have
Kumud in my life, Zee.
I can't even begin to tell you.
Still, I give time
to neither Dad nor her.
Look, take some time off.
Okay?
Uncle and Vihaan need you.
You need a vacation too.
Listen, I'm with you.
I'll be here.
So, you should take a few days off.
You should take a few days off.
It's you who should
take a few days off!
- You take a few days off.
- Stop it.
- Sir.
- Hmm?
Actually...
Sameer, Pooja and A.J.K. are doing
great in the manufacturing sector.
Yes.
May I handle
another part of the business?
Like sales and marketing.
May I?
Sure.
Thank you, sir.
Sir, I've agreed to meet the suitors
suggested by my mother.
- Is it?
- Really?
I mean... Very good.
Congratulations.
I'm happy for you.
May I have your attention, please?
Ladies and gentlemen, just a moment.
I have no words
to express my joy
at seeing everyone
who has been involved
with Titan since the very
first meeting here today.
So, I'm truly proud to present
this,
made by Indians,
for Indians!
Presenting Exacta.
Royale.
Classique.
And Fastrack.
Desai, these look amazing.
Thank you, sir. Thank you.
But the credit goes to my engineers
and my wonderful team.
The designs are beautiful,
but I'm not sure
they can compete with GMT.
They will, sir.
I appreciate your confidence.
Can you tell me the exact numbers?
Which exact numbers?
How many watches
will you be able to sell during
the first month of the launch?
Two thousand.
Twenty thousand, sir.
Are you sure?
Quite sure.
- All the best.
- Thank you very much.
The MD seems really confident.
It seems the distribution network
has now reached
across the entire country.
Not yet, sir, but it will.
Don't worry.
India is ready for Titan.
- You'll never change.
- Quiet.
Very good.
I'm almost there.
Let's go, sir.
Shall we?
Sir, it runs on quartz technology
and carries the trust of Tata.
It will change your life.
I don't understand this technology.
Please look at the design first.
It has been entirely made in India.
Sir, please try to understand.
Everything changes with time.
Quartz is the future of Bharat.
Why create problems
when everything is going smoothly?
I know,
but what's the harm
in trying just once?
We are quite happy and content
distributing GMT watches.
I'm sorry.
'Zee, the watches
aren't selling at all.'
Okay.
I think the distributors don't
appreciate our product enough.
Why should I replace
the watches in my store?
Sir, try replacing them once.
I bet it will change your life.
Please keep four pieces for now.
I guarantee that you'll
end up ordering 400 more.
Ma'am, you should be
looking after the house.
Leave the business side to us.
- Oi! Be respectful!
- Gaurav.
I agree, sir.
No one's ready to take the risk.
Sir, it will take some time
for sales to pick up.
Please keep these
for a few more days.
No one is buying your watches.
Listen to me, leave this job
and join GMT.
Everyone prefers GMT.
Take it back.
Sir...
Gaurav!
Did you recognise me?
Avinash!
An IIT graduate and
an academic topper, Gaurav Dhar!
What are you doing with a carton?
You won't understand.
Please make me understand.
I found out
that you work for the Tatas.
So what's all this about?
What's going on, my friend?
Do you remember how my grandfather
used to hand us machines
to repair?
Of course I remember.
That's why we avoided visiting you.
We were afraid he might
entrust us with some work.
One day, he gave me a watch.
It was my mother's.
She always wore it
and never took it off.
Even on the day she passed away.
I remember her wearing it.
When I saw that watch,
I started crying.
My hands started shaking.
I said,
"I cannot fix this."
It was such a tiny machine.
My grandfather
took out his magnifying glass
and fixed it in ten minutes.
The moment it started working,
I felt
like...
I don't know what it was,
but something changed.
That was the day I realised
engineers could fix
anything in the world.
Our company's name is Titan.
We'll distribute Titan watches.
Let's open
the very first Titan store.
- Right from production
to distribution? - Yes.
A store
where watches
are sold like diamonds.
Our product will get
the respect it deserves.
And I respect this watch.
It's a world-class watch!
- Right?
- Absolutely, sir.
Without a doubt.
Come on, let's prove
its worth to the world.
Correct, sir.
The World of Titan.
Whoa!
Man! It seems we'll sell out
the entire stock in a single day.
May God bless your words.
Sir, you don't need to wind it.
This watch runs on a battery.
What do you mean?
This is a quartz watch,
not a mechanical watch.
You don't have to do anything.
Just wear it.
You only have to change
the battery every two years.
Ma'am, even the number
of breaths we have
is limited.
I don't want to trouble myself
with a battery.
Sir, these days
even toys run on batteries.
This watch is much better
than a mechanical one.
Please try one.
No. If you don't have
a mechanical watch,
I won't buy one. I'm leaving.
You can keep this.
Mom!
How come you're here?
I missed you.
I'm fine.
- He's Gaurav.
- Namaste!
Namaste! Please come with me.
- Where?
- Let's meet the boy.
He lives in Hosur.
You'll like him.
Mom, it's a big day for me,
yet you...
So what?
Your team will handle everything.
Come on, let's go!
He has taken the day off today.
He's waiting for you
at your factory.
I'll leave tonight. Hmm?
Let's go.
Come on!
Hi, Megha! Hi, Aunt!
Please sit.
So, Megha,
tell me something about yourself.
You have a stressful life
and a demanding job.
Aunt, am I right?
But the money's good.
Ladies should work too,
but they need to find a balance.
Actually, the household chores
need attention as well.
Right, Aunt?
[in Kannada] I like that.
Don't leave your job.
You should continue working.
Times have changed.
We need to study hard.
I work for a big company.
Do you work for the Tatas?
The watch-making company Titan.
Good! Good!
We sold seven watches.
Around 200 to 300 people
came into the store,
yet only seven watches were sold.
Actually, there were
even more people.
There's a huge gap
between walk-ins and the sales rate.
It's okay. Don't worry.
We just have to be patient.
Zee, I have a flight.
- Oh! - I have a flight, everybody.
I'll see you.
- Yes!
- Bye!
Bye!
- Bye, ma'am.
- See you.
Let me walk you out.
Actually, please stay here.
The car's waiting outside.
- No! No! No! I'll drop you off.
- No, it's okay.
These guys need you.
And it'll all be fine.
I hope so.
All the best.
- Bye! Have a safe journey.
- Yes.
What's the time?
It's 12 noon, sir.
Akash should have been here by now.
Without him, we can't present
the complete sales report.
We can't keep the board
waiting any longer.
We'll go.
Desai.
Sir, we can't judge this on
the basis of just two months' sales.
We will make progress.
I guarantee it.
Only 303 watches
were sold in the first month,
and 535 in the second month.
This is barely 5%
of what you promised.
Yes, I know.
We didn't give the green light
to your Watch Project
based solely on your speech.
You promised us more.
Where is it?
I believe people
didn't understand quartz.
Should we consider
the investment in Titan
a loss?
No, sir. Just because
we've started slowly
doesn't mean we won't finish strong.
If this project fails,
who will be responsible
for the loans?
Exactly!
I suggest we first halt
watch manufacturing in Hosur.
First, let's figure out
how to sell the watches
we've already manufactured.
Sorry, gentlemen, I'm late.
This is the sales report
for the third month.
In the third month, we sold
200 watches in Maharashtra,
and 127 in Delhi.
However, 3,029 watches
were sold in Tamil Nadu,
and 4,023 in Karnataka.
- What?
- Yes!
How's this possible?
I'm also wondering
why there's such a huge difference
between sales
in the North and the South.
Desai, are your designs
more relevant in South India?
No, I don't think so.
Do you?
Not at all, sir.
Then why is this happening?
Do our designs actually have
a touch of South India?
No, that's ridiculous.
Our designs are international.
It's something else.
Sir, the northern region sold
7, 10, and 11 watches yesterday.
A total of 28 watches were sold.
I can't make sense of this.
Ms. Megha, your mother's here.
Mom...
Mom.
What's the matter?
Is this how you greet your mother
after not seeing her
for three months?
Uh!
I mean, what brings you here?
You work so hard,
and I wanted to see your office.
Come with me.
I'll introduce you to everyone.
First, let's eat something.
I'm famished.
Shall we go to the canteen?
Okay. Come with me.
- I'm working on a new design.
- Hmm.
I'll show you after breakfast.
Sure, sir.
- That's Tai!
- You could have called me.
I'm already here now.
Is this the reason?
- Come on.
- Mom, you lied.
At the very least, meet him.
Come on.
Do I come to work to meet suitors?
Come on, my dear.
He's already here. He's truly nice.
Come on. Come with me.
Ms. Megha, right?
Yes.
Sashi!
- Sashi.
- Sudha.
Ah! It's a nice little place.
What happened? You stopped eating.
Do you like Megha?
So, Ms. Megha,
will you both have tea or coffee?
Coffee.
- Thank you, Anna.
- Oh!
Somebody's famous here.
He speaks such fluent English,
doesn't he?
Gaurav, a doctor can be dealt with
only by another doctor.
Similarly,
only a Titanian can handle
another Titanian.
What do you think?
I'm an aeronautical engineer.
- An engineer for aeroplanes.
- Right.
I've studied at UC Berkeley,
California.
Once again, pardon my Hindi,
but you must be
very proud of yourself.
You work for the Tatas,
and a girl at that.
Amazing!
Admirable.
Mom, I...
Megha. Megha...
Mom,
he's exactly the same!
You keep bringing
similar suitors every time.
Who introduces you to such boys?
He's complimenting you.
Give me your
marriage bureau's number.
Uh... Um, Ms. Megha, please wait.
I think you're offended.
I've brought you something.
A watch from your company, for you.
Please.
Thank you for buying it.
Where did you buy it?
Um, Bombay...
I've forgotten
the name of the place.
It's Nariman Point.
What happened?
- Wait a minute, Mom.
- Megha.
- Megha!
- Ms. Megha, what's the matter?
Please check if it's genuine.
I'm sure it must be a first copy.
Ms. Megha, it's original.
I've bought it from the store.
Please sit quietly
and drink your coffee.
Don't you dare get up
until we are back!
We need to have it
checked in the workshop.
Its genuineness
can't be verified here.
Okay. Anna, don't let him go.
What are they saying?
- Is she mad?
- She will be back.
It's original.
All right.
My friend, tell us the truth.
Where did you buy the watch?
My brother, I'm telling the truth.
I bought it at Nariman Point.
- Pardon me!
- Uh.
Nariman Point!
He's saying "Nariman Point".
Yes!
Why would he lie?
Aunt, you're too naive.
- Nariman Point?
- Yes!
I bought it from your store.
We don't have a store
at Nariman Point, you stupid!
Will you tell us the truth now?
- Or else...
- Um...
I bought it on the black market.
'Titan! Titan!
It's the latest model. Titan!'
Titan! Titan! Titan!
It's the latest model. Titan!
Titan?
We've ended up
exactly where we started.
Come on.
Titan! Titan! Titan!
It's the latest model. Titan!
Will the police arrive on time?
Yes, they will.
Titan! I've got the latest model.
Titan!
I can't bear to see Titan
on the black market.
I feel like smacking him right away.
Titan! Titan! Titan!
Oi!
- Oi! Stop! Stop!
- Where are you going?
Wait a minute!
- Come on!
- Please hear me out, sir.
What did I do, sir?
At least hear me out, sir.
This is not done.
- Sir.
- Yes?
Hello, Titan Brothers!
We want to speak to Jaggu.
- [in Marathi] Please bring Jaggu.
- Okay, sir.
- Tea?
- No.
Yes, thank you.
Come on! Come with me!
- Sir, why are you pushing me?
- Sir!
I'm walking, right?
Listen! All the watches are genuine.
How did you get them?
Tell us honestly.
Did you steal them?
Do I look like a thief?
- Uh...
- I'm a businessman.
An honest one.
I bought all your watches at MRP.
Hang on. Do you mean you bought
the watches at a high price
and were selling them
at a lower one?
You won't understand, sir.
It's a business secret.
Let's talk
businessman to businessman.
Let me give you a tip.
Oi!
Will you really give them a tip?
- Oi!
- Uh, hang on.
Wait a minute!
Why do you threaten me
at the drop of a hat?
Please continue.
- We were simply talking.
- Please go on, sir.
- You've made watches
for the whole of India. - Hmm!
But your watch
has divided the country.
How?
If you check your rates
from Kashmir to Kanyakumari,
your problem will be solved.
Please get straight to the point.
If I solve all the problems,
who ought to be Titan's chairman?
If you want to make me one,
please go ahead!
Sir, I can only tell you
this much for free.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Sir.
Please grant him bail
and don't press charges against him.
Thank you!
Zee, please tell me
what you've understood.
No discussion, only demonstration.
Zee!
Sir, please get
the bail papers ready.